Episode 28: A Difficult Situation

At Lilith's research facility, Yuta awakens. He’ll be staying there tonight to receive Lilith’s examination. Aoi and the others will pick him up tomorrow afternoon.  For now, he's alone with Lilith.


“I’m glad you’ve awakened,” Lilith says.

“Yes. I caused you a lot of trouble. I…finally remember,” Yuta replies.

“That you are yourself?”

“Yes. As Lilith-san said, the soul fusion was successful. I…I’m not the man from the Old World, nor am I just Yuta. I’m the result of the fusion.”

“That’s the correct answer. Then, why did you believe otherwise before?”

“Believe… I thought I would become someone other than Yuta.”

“…That statement isn’t wrong.”

“Right. To put it conveniently, I thought I would forget all of Yuta’s memories and become someone new.”

“I see…”

“But it was different. When I awoke, I possessed both Yuta’s memories and those of the Old World man. I was a new me with both…I couldn't accept that.  The memories I wanted to escape were there…that’s why, at that time… for three days I struggled, and convinced myself I was the Old World man, blocking out some of Yuta’s memories.”

“You blocked them because if you touched those memories, you would realize you weren't actually the Old World man, right?”

“Yes.”


Yuta’s answer greatly piqued Lilith’s intellectual curiosity. The soul fusion had been successful, but the subject's will had intervened.


“From a scientist’s perspective, this is a very interesting result,” Lilith remarks.

“Lilith-san, I have a question,” Yuta says.

“What is it?”

“Last year, when I first met you, you called me…the man you’d been waiting for. At the time, I ignored it. But now…now that I’m aware of who I am, those words seem questionable.  Was…was there something about me?”


Lilith maintains her emotionless expression.


“There’s no deep meaning.  Yuta-sama was simply a body suitable for the soul I created.”

“…Is that so?”


Yuta believes Lilith isn't lying, but he doesn't think that's the whole story. Lilith, however, doesn't elaborate.


“The measure to separate boys from their mothers…” Yuta begins.

“Is due to past problems,” Lilith interrupts.

“The mother’s influence?”

“Precisely.”

“Is that…unchangeable?”

“When society was built on mothers and sons living together, it was considered good. However, problems arose, and now we have this social structure.”

“Then, to create a better society, it could be changed…”

“It wouldn’t be easy. It’s been deemed a mistake.”

“…”

“Naoto-kun, was it? You mentioned him earlier.  He’s the son of Takasi-sama and his lover, correct?”

“Yes. Naoto-kun will be separated from his mother, Sakurako-san, in two years.”

“It’s unavoidable. It’s the rule in Japan.”


Yuta considers himself special to Aoi and the others, but not to Japan as a whole. He believes his ideas, like the succubus suit, have contributed to society, but that doesn't give him the power to bend the current rules. He also knows seeing his mother again will be difficult.


“This world…is difficult,” Yuta sighs.

“…Wasn’t it difficult before?” Lilith asks.

“Huh?”

“Wasn’t the Old World difficult?”

“The Old World…yes, it was…extremely difficult.”

“The nature of the country and society is entirely different. I can’t even imagine a world with an equal gender ratio.  But the act of living, regardless of the world, must be difficult.”

“That’s right. There’s no such thing as a convenient world. As long as people…people with hearts…people with wills live, it will be difficult, no matter the world.”

“Difficult…it means to greatly change. We must always change.  Sameness is not permitted. Unchanging means disappearing, fading away, I believe.”

“…I think so too.”

“Therefore…”


Yuta feels as if he’s seen emotion in Lilith’s face for the first time.


“If Yuta-sama wishes to change something, why not try? If it greatly changes something, it’s simply…difficult… that’s all.”

“Just difficult…it doesn’t mean it’s impossible.”


This isn’t a convenient world where everything is affirmed. But if he doesn’t try to change things, nothing will change. It’s worth a try. Because he’s alive in this world.


“If you want to talk, you should speak to Japan’s Prime Minister.”

“The Prime Minister…”

“Shall I arrange a meeting? I can do that.”

“Lilith-san?”

“I belong to an organization, but I’m originally connected to the Prime Minister, and that’s why I’m here.  It’s a thank you for showing me such interesting results as a scientist.”

“Is that so…? Can I ask you when I’ve made up my mind?”

“Contact me anytime. Now, I’ll prepare your liquid food. You’ve just woken up, but you should rest afterwards.”

“The examination?”

“Just a little tomorrow morning.”

“Understood.”


Thus, Yuta successfully awoke.


The scene changes to Rila’s hotel room. Rila gives instructions to Layla.


“Return home. Arrange it as quickly as possible.”

“…Yes.”

“Kukuku. I was hoping that man, Yuta, wouldn’t wake up and could be brought to the Mir Kingdom, but it’s unfortunate. Even if he hadn’t awakened and was brought here, I don’t think you could contact him.”

“Kuk…”

“Why are you so obsessed with that man, Yuta?”

“It’s none of your business, Rila-sama!”

“Kukuku.  Were you charmed by the suitable one? Fate, perhaps?”

“I…I…”


No matter how unilaterally Layla loves Yuta, he won’t reciprocate.  She can’t get close to him, protected by Aoi and Yukishiro.


“Well…if we could kidnap him, things would be different.”

“K-kidnap?”

“If we could bring him to the Mir Kingdom without anyone knowing…it might work.”

“R-really!?”

“If it were possible. But realistically, it’s impossible, isn’t it? How could you succeed in kidnapping someone from Japan to the Mir Kingdom?”


It’s impossible. Layla isn't that stupid.  Even getting close is difficult.


“Kukuku. Give it up. Be content with Takaya. There are men when you return to the Mir Kingdom.”

“That’s…”


After graduating high school, when her mother’s work in Japan ends, Layla will return to the Mir Kingdom.  There are men in the Mir Kingdom.  As royalty, Layla has the privilege of meeting men. If she doesn’t care, she won’t lack for male company.


(Anyone is fine…that’s not it…Yuta-sama…Yuta-sama…)


Layla only desires Yuta.  She’s arbitrarily built a fantasy of a mutually exclusive relationship where Yuta desires only her.


(Yuta-sama is only mine…he’ll surely only want me…)


Men in the Mir Kingdom don’t cherish the women they possess. They don't mind if the woman they’ve had is with another man the next moment.


(Yuta-sama is different…he’ll cherish only me…)


In Layla’s mind, the invented Yuta is a man who desires only her. Such a Yuta doesn’t exist.


(Ah…that’s it. Emily and Monica…wanted to be monopolized by Takaya-sama.)


Emily and Monica are attached to Takaya. She didn’t understand why, but thinking of Yuta, she does now.


(Takaya-sama is different from Yuta-sama. Still, compared to the men of the Mir Kingdom…they’re charmed by men who monopolize them.)


Takaya monopolizes Emily and Monica. Layla’s mother, Seira, and Emily and Monica’s mother, Tania, didn’t monopolize their men, becoming siblings with Kensuke, Tsubasa, and the Ana brothers. But Emily and Monica, and Layla, weren’t allowed to be with other men.  Even when Takaya went to meet Yukishiro’s father, they weren’t allowed to be with other men.


For Layla, Takaya was merely a tool to extract money from the Minato Eita family. However, interacting with Takaya, Emily and Monica became charmed by him because he monopolized them.


(Takaya-sama…is different. He’s different from my Yuta-sama.  But there’s no way to bring Yuta-sama to the Mir Kingdom…)


To a troubled Layla, Rila says flatly,


“You’ve worked hard. You may leave.  I’ve arranged your return.”

“Yes…”


Layla leaves Rila’s room. The arrangements for her return will be complete tomorrow. When Rila returns to the Mir Kingdom, Layla will be relieved of her royal duties.


(Takaya-sama and the others…said they were going on a trip.)


Right now, Takaya is probably having fun traveling with Emily and Monica.


(I must join Emily and the others…those two…)


Rila remembers Rila’s words: If they kidnapped Yuta…


(Kidnapping Yuta…kidnapping…no. It’s protection.  I must protect Yuta-sama. To do that, Emily and the others’ cooperation is essential…)


She needs Emily and Monica’s help to protect Yuta. But even getting close to Yuta is difficult.


(Somehow…somehow…)


The next day, Rila’s return arrangements are complete. Before leaving, Rila tells Layla something.


She informs Layla that she’ll soon receive a temporary return order. They’ll meet again then.  And…


“Make sure you have no regrets,”


Rila says before returning to the Mir Kingdom.
