Episode 38: New Year's Eve ①

December 31st, New Year's Eve.

Last year's New Year's Eve was a blizzard, but this year is a beautiful sunny day.  The first sunrise tomorrow will surely be magnificent.

This year's New Year's Eve will be spent at the newly built villa in Minato, constructed for Yuta.  Not only Yukishiro and Akari, but also Aoi, Manami, and Moe are joining them. Aoi, Manami, and Moe are wearing maid uniforms. Akari panicked at the sight of them, but Yukishiro just laughed.


While Yukishiro and the others were preparing for New Year's Eve at the detached villa in Minato, Yuta, along with Ayaka, was visiting the Prime Minister's Office.  Yuta was greeted by Boss, the Vice Prime Minister of Japan, upon exiting the car.


Led by Boss and Ayaka, Yuta arrived before a room deep within the Prime Minister's Office.  Inside, the Prime Minister of Japan was waiting.  Boss knocked and opened the door, and only Yuta entered.


"We've been waiting for you.  It's a pleasure to meet you, Yuta-sama. I'm Yoko, the Prime Minister of Japan."

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Yoko-san. Thank you for taking the time for me today."

"Please, have a seat."


Yuta sat down, and Yoko sat on the opposite sofa.


"This meeting is not official, so let's talk freely."

"Thank you."

"I've heard from Riris.  You had a consultation request, so shall we begin with that?"

"Yes."

"How can a boy maintain a connection with his mother? I never expected you to consult me about this."

"You seemed the most suitable person to ask."

"I suppose so.  It's a very difficult problem. I've also received a request from Nanase-sama of Yoshiwara… It's related to this matter, isn't it?"

"Yes.  Regarding Naoto-kun, the son of Takashi-san and Sakurako-san. I've been thinking about how Naoto-kun can maintain a connection with his mother, Sakurako-san."

"Nanase-sama's request is slightly different… She wants Sakurako-san to continue living in Tokyo… on the condition that she doesn't see Naoto-kun."

"That's Nanase-san's idea; it's different from mine."

"I see. You, Yuta-sama, wish for Naoto-kun to maintain a connection with his mother, but you also understand why that's not allowed in present-day Japan, correct?"

"Yes. I've learned from past events."

"Nevertheless, you believe it would be better for society if Naoto-kun maintained a connection with his mother?"


Yoko's question prompted Yuta to offer his own perspective.


"Yes. I… believe that 'cannot meet' and 'can meet but doesn't' are different."

"Can meet but doesn't?"

"Yes.  In Japan now, boys cut ties with their mothers when they become elementary school age.  Like me, they can't meet even if they want to."

"That's true."

"'Can meet but doesn't' is different. Even if Naoto-kun leaves his mother's side to live elsewhere when he starts elementary school, having the environment where he 'can meet whenever he wants' will yield better results for the healthy growth of a young boy's mind than the current system."


Yuta, drawing from his own experience, formulated a socially acceptable answer.


"Living apart from his mother but having the ability to meet if the boy wishes… if he wants to see her every day, wouldn't that be the same as living together?"

"I think that's fine at first.  Boys… tend to cling to their parents, but as they grow, they find friends and interests and naturally grow apart.  I believe past failures were a result of mothers having too much influence, preventing their children from separating."

"The problem was solely with the mothers?"

"Not entirely. However, while children may separate, parents don't.  Whether it's a boy or girl, parents don't separate from their children. In past problems, it was the mother who exerted influence.

If they can meet whenever they want, eventually, the boy will naturally adapt to the environment of 'can meet but doesn't', alongside his emotional growth.  If a boy can grow without being influenced by his mother, he can become a contributing member of society.

Having grown in this way, even after separating from his parents, he will eventually appreciate his parents when he becomes a parent himself. He will know the happiness of having parents, and live as a parent and child again. He will likely love his own child even more."


There's no clear-cut answer.  No matter what Yuta feels, whether his idea is correct or not in shaping society is unknown. That's why it leads to a discussion of a "small world."


"I understand your feelings, Yuta-sama.  First, I must say that as the Prime Minister of Japan, I cannot accept your idea. It's far too drastic a change. Regardless of whether your idea is good or bad, it cannot be immediately implemented into society. Therefore, we must discuss the 'small world' I mentioned."

"…Yes."

"You understand what a 'small world' is, yes?"

"Yes. I heard from Boss and Ayaka."

"It's information not normally disclosed to men.  Even among women, only those working for the national government or members of prominent families know about the small worlds."

"You're suggesting creating a small world reflecting my ideas?"

"Yes.  And as a sample for observing this small world, Naoto-kun will be allowed to maintain a connection with his mother."


The fact that Naoto-kun can maintain a connection with Sakurako is welcome.  However, there are also questions.


"This small world won't be in Tokyo, right?"

"Of course not.  The four existing male-only areas don't permit the creation of small worlds."

"That would make Naoto-kun the only boy living in that small world."

"Ah, I see.  Of course, that's been considered.  There are other mothers who don't want to be separated from their children."

"What…?"

"We'll recruit others besides Naoto-kun. However, we won't approach everyone; that would cause chaos."

"That's true."

"We'll create a special ward, a small world where five boys – including Naoto-kun and four others who show instability at the prospect of separating from their mothers – will live. What do you think?"

"I… is that alright?"


Yuta hesitates about whether to truly create the small world Yoko proposed. A special ward for five boys. How much effort and resources will be needed to create this small world?


"It'll be the largest small world ever created.  However, to realize your wishes, Yuta-sama, this scale is necessary."

"That's true, but…"


Even though they call it a small world special ward, there will be five boys living there.  A multitude of things need to be prepared for those five boys.  It's truly like creating a miniature Tokyo.


Confirmation of the wishes of the five boys, including Naoto-kun, will be necessary.  They will be attending a school in this special ward, meaning they will have to part from their current friends.  A change in environment is inevitable.  If Naoto-kun dislikes it, there's no need to force him into the small world.  However, judging by the relationship between Naoto-kun and Sakurako, he will likely choose to stay with his mother.


Also, confirmation from the mothers is necessary. Sakurako wished for Naoto-kun to attend school with his friends in Tokyo.  It's impossible to know what Sakurako will think upon hearing about this special ward. However, Yuta thought that Sakurako would likely choose this option if it meant she could see Naoto-kun.


Putting aside their personal wishes, Yuta and Yoko finalized the aspects they could.


"There's a little over a year until Naoto-kun starts elementary school.  That's enough time to prepare the essentials."

"Oh, thank you!"


Understanding Yoko's sincerity, Yuta rejoiced.


"However, I have a request as well."

"…What is it?"


It seems there will be a price.


"First, when you turn 18 next year, you must participate in the sperm donation program.  Twice a month is preferred."

"I intended to participate in the sperm donation program."

"Thank you. Your sperm is very valuable… Please, do your best."


Yuta understands that Yoko calls it valuable because his sperm has a high rank.


"And another thing. For the small world reflecting your ideas, we will use land owned by Yoshiwara, including Makuhari."

"What!?"

"I will discuss this with Nanase-sama, but she won't refuse."

"Why Makuhari?"

"Because of Inma Land, of course. Since its opening in November, it has been incredibly successful.  We have no intention of seizing control of Inma Land, but we will have some involvement as a facility within the special ward.  Sharing operational experience, etc…"


Yoshiwara's Inma Land quickly became a sensation, bustling with tourists from all over Japan.  The government likely wants to gain knowledge and experience to build similar facilities in other regions. How they use that knowledge and experience to negotiate with other prominent families in other regions is unknown.


"One last thing. We would like you to participate in the management of this small world, Yuta-sama."

"Me?"

"Yes. If possible… it would be ideal if you became Naoto-kun's and the other boys' teacher."

"What!?  Me, a teacher!?"

"Yes. You'll be graduating high school next year. You won't need to teach classes.  We just want you to convey your feelings to Naoto-kun and the boys and guide them to become men who strive for a better society."


It's a small world created from Yuta's wishes.  Helping manage it is acceptable, but becoming Naoto-kun's teacher is completely unexpected.


"Would it really be alright for someone like me to be Naoto-kun's teacher?"

"I believe you'll be an excellent teacher. As you'll be involved in management, you can realize your wishes concerning various aspects of the small world… as the manager, you'll have much power within the special ward."

"My wishes…"


Yuta's desired goals immediately came to mind.


"That's all I can discuss for now.  To delve into the finer details, we'll need to talk with other relevant parties."

"Yes…"

"If the relationship between the boys raised in this small world and their mothers is deemed beneficial for Japanese society, we might introduce this system to other areas in the future. We're counting on your management."

"Yes.  I understand. I will strive to meet the Prime Minister's expectations."


Yuta shook hands with Yoko.  Thinking the discussion was over…


"I almost forgot to mention something important. You've heard from Yukishiro-sama about Minato, yes?"

"What?… Yes."


Yuta had heard something from Yukishiro.


"Don't worry. We won't do anything to harm Saori-sama in Minato."

"Yes… thank you."


Thus, the meeting with the Prime Minister concluded.
