Idle Talk ①: Layla and Lila

Layla returned to the Meer Kingdom.  In Japan, she was convicted of illegal possession of aphrodisiacs.  However, instead of being imprisoned, she was immediately repatriated to the Meer Kingdom, along with her mother, Seyla.

Waiting for Seyla upon her return to the Meer Kingdom was the stripping of her royal status and enslavement.  Banished from the capital, she now works in a coal mine.

While Seyla was enslaved, Layla's fate was surprisingly different.  Instead of becoming a slave, Layla was taken to a location in the capital: Lila's research institute.


"You've arrived."


Lila, her expression devoid of emotion, addressed Layla.


"Follow me."
"Um, excuse me…"


Surrounded by three women who appeared to be institute staff, Layla followed Lila.  This was Layla's first time at the institute, and she had no idea what kind of research was conducted there.


"It's a shame about Japan."
"…Yes."
"Kukuku. Don't be so down. In Japan, love is often unrequited."
"Yes…"
"Look at the Meer Kingdom. Men fall in love with the woman they're with now, but next they'll be in love with a different woman.  Women fall in love with the man they're with now, but the next man they're with will be someone else.  Love is always possible. However…  they never nurture love into lasting affection."
"Love…"


Lila stopped, turned, and looked at Layla.


"Yes, love. In Japan, you tried to know love. You sought love."
"I sought love… I loved Yuta-sama…"


Born and raised in the Meer Kingdom, Layla grew up without knowing love.  Because she was scheduled to go to Japan from middle school, she studied Japanese culture. The more she studied, the more she questioned why Japan did such complicated things.


During her three years of Japanese middle school, Layla concluded that Japanese men were essentially no different from Meer Kingdom men.  She felt that they were simply bound by Japan's rules, and that they didn't truly cherish women.

From middle school, Layla had been involved in the illegal import of aphrodisiacs, and she had even witnessed its use.  What she saw was exactly the same as in the Meer Kingdom.


During her summer break in the second year of middle school, while visiting the Meer Kingdom, Layla was used as a plaything by a high-ranking royal, losing her virginity to a man who obsessed over virginity. Afterward, as a Meer Kingdom royal, she allowed herself to be with any man who desired her, and she actively sought out men herself.

While she could pursue men during her visits to the Meer Kingdom, she couldn't in Japan.  Thinking she'd return to the Meer Kingdom after middle school, Layla pretended to be a model student.  However, she was ordered to spend three years of high school in Japan as well.

Disappointed, Layla decided to live luxuriously in Japan. She set her sights on Takuya, who was associating with Yukishiro, the next head of the Minato eternal family.  She seduced Takuya with her body, and he readily succumbed.  The slight rift between Yukishiro and Takuya was fortunate for Layla.


From there, things went smoothly.  She enjoyed herself with Takuya while living luxuriously on Minato's money. Layla only spent time with Takuya when she wanted to; otherwise, she left him to Emily and Monica. She also enjoyed her superior position over Yukishiro, the next head of the Minato eternal family, one of Japan's five great families.  She, a low-ranking royal in the Meer Kingdom, was able to charm men more effectively than the next head of the Minato eternal family within the confines of Japanese rules.  Her efforts to cultivate a seductive body had paid off.


However, she went too far.  She advised Takuya to ask Yukishiro for the first dance at the night party.  She was only using Takuya to enjoy herself for three years of high school and to access Minato's money; she didn't want their relationship to completely break down.


At that night party, Layla met Yuta. She had heard rumors about him: a shut-in, a worthless F-rank male.  Yet, the Yuta she encountered directed a loving smile at Aoi, the next head of the Yoshiwara eternal family.  Layla was startled by this smile; she felt kindness in it.


She tried to meddle in Yuta and Aoi's relationship.  Surely, the seemingly kind Yuta was essentially no different from Meer Kingdom men or Takuya.  However, Yuta showed kindness and consideration not only to Aoi, but also to Yukishiro.


Layla couldn't understand. Why would a man show consideration and kindness to women who weren't involved with him?  Furthermore, he defended Aoi, telling Takuya not to call Aoi by her first name.  And the fact that Aoi, who had been kind to such a man, glared at Layla infuriated her.


When Takuya suddenly asked her for the first dance, Layla should have told him to dance with Yukishiro instead.  Although she knew this was the best option for her future, Aoi and Yuta’s actions clouded her judgment. She chose to seize complete control over Yukishiro by accepting Takuya’s invitation.


This marked a turning point in Layla's otherwise smooth high school life.


"The two who were with you also sought love from the man you ignored."
"Emily and Monica love Takuya-sama…"


Layla returned home, but Emily and Monica did not. They are still in Takuya's class.


"Kukuku. But it's a shame. Falling in love is something you can do alone, even if it's unrequited.  But you can't love alone."
"Alone… Yuta-sama…"
"The 'suitable' man didn't love you, nor did he have any affection for you.  There was no love.  If you think there was one-sided love, you are mistaken.  That is not love. Love is something you cultivate together."


Lila turned back to the front and walked deeper into the institute.


"But your… I'll call it 'twisted love,' I don't dislike it."
"Twisted love…"
"I'm a romantic, you see."


She entered a room in the back, then entered a door inside that room.


"What do you think the purpose of this world is?"
"Huh?"


Layla had never considered the purpose of the world's existence.


"…I don't know."
"Exactly!  No one knows.  Why does the world exist? No one knows."


Lila seemed amused by Layla's answer.


"Kukuku. Perhaps love exists to replace the answer that no one knows.  Perhaps before this world, there was another. And after this world, there will be another."
"Lila-sama?"


Layla didn't understand what Lila was saying.


"The present includes the past, and the present will be included in the future. If the beginning is the same, the same thing should happen every time. But it doesn't seem to be that way. Why? Because the present includes the past, it doesn't become the same as the past, doesn't it?"

"Huh…"

"And the present will be included in the future.  That's why we can leave the present for the future, isn't it?"


Layla couldn’t follow Lila's increasingly excited ramblings.  In the deepest part of the institute, a strange machine was installed.


"First, let's examine your memory region."

"My… memory region?  Kyah!"


The three staff members grabbed Layla, seated her in the strange machine, and restrained her.


"Wh-What! Stop it!"
"Rest assured. I'm not going to kill you.  Consider this a necessary procedure for your survival."
"No!  I don't want to!"
"Just be still."
"Yes!"


After restraining Layla's struggles, they injected her with an anesthetic to put her to sleep. Tears streamed from Layla's eyes as she lost consciousness.


"Ready."
"Good work. You may leave."
"Yes!"


The three staff members left the room.  Watching Layla sleep, Lila muttered to herself.


"Humph… 'If you don't know love, you won't suffer from it.'  I've advised the Meer Kingdom's management system based on the words the Creator recorded for me…. Like the countries that have disappeared before, it will eventually disappear too. If a substitute for that rare metal is found, it won't be bothered by other countries anymore."


Lila manipulated the machine.


"Is it God who ranks the countries of this world? … Or is it humanity? … No, both are the same."


Lila examined Layla's memory region and performed the necessary procedures.


"I pray that your present… will lead to the future."



Afterward, Lila never knew what kind of life Layla led.
