Episode 17: The Sleeping Prince ⑥

Hum hum hum♪

I get to see Yuuta-sama! ♪ I get to see Yuuta-sama! ♪


“Lady Lyra-sama! ~ Are we going there again today?”

“Yes. Are you coming too?”

“Of course!”


Why am I working as Lady Lyra’s attendant?

Of course, it’s to see Yuuta-sama!

I showed my eagerness to Mother, securing the role of sole attendant for Lady Lyra.


Ah ♡ Last night I sucked Yuuta-sama’s cock and drank his cum ♡

Just remembering makes me want to come ♡

I’m already soaking wet down there, and when I see him today, I want to make Yuuta-sama feel good inside me right away ♡


“Don’t disturb the subject’s examination.”

“Understood!”


Lady Lyra calls Yuuta-sama “the subject.”

I don’t know what kind of subject, but since he has such a wonderful name, Yuuta-sama, I wish she’d call him that.

But I can’t say anything to Lady Lyra, a higher-ranking royal than myself.

I absolutely don’t want to lose my position as attendant!


“Lady Lyra-sama! ♪ We can have sex with Yuuta-sama today, right!?”

“Maybe. Well, if the opportunity arises, I’ll ask him to let you be his partner.”

“Thank you!”


Sex with Yuuta-sama ♡ Sex with Yuuta-sama ♡ Sex with Yuuta-sama ♡


Yuuta-sama also really only wants to have sex with me.

Yet, he’s captivated by Aoi from Yoshiwara, against his will….

Surely, our meeting here is a sign from God, telling me to save Yuuta-sama!


“We might be able to take Yuuta-sama to the Meer Kingdom, right!?”

“That depends on him. I don’t have jurisdiction over that subject. If asked, I could take him.”

“Please! Please let’s take Yuuta-sama to the Meer Kingdom!”


If I can take Yuuta-sama to the Meer Kingdom, I can handle the rest.

I’ll take care of him in the basement of my house for the rest of his life.

I’ll be the only one to love Yuuta-sama, who will remain unconscious forever!


Ah, just imagining it makes me so happy!

Takuya-sama’s direct subordinate… I’ll manage that somehow.

I have Emili and Monica.

And anyway, there’s nothing I need to do as his direct subordinate now.

Once I return to the Meer Kingdom with Yuuta-sama, I’ll never come back to Japan.

My direct subordination ends with high school graduation, so it will naturally end in time.


“Hmm, it’s about time we go.”

“Yes!”


The time is 8:30 PM.

Together with Lady Lyra, I head towards the night research facility.

I didn’t dress up last night because I didn’t know Yuuta-sama would be there, but tonight I’m wearing my favorite lingerie and nightdress.


“It’s pointless to dress up when he’s asleep, you know.”

“It doesn’t matter! Lady Lyra doesn’t understand a girl’s heart!”

“I don’t want to know.”


Just like last night, the door opens with Lady Lyra’s fingerprint scan.


“Oh? It’s bright.”


Last night it was dimly lit with only a few lights, but today it’s much brighter.

Did they turn on the lights because we’re coming?


Lady Lyra opens the large door at the back using fingerprint and retinal scans.

When the door opens, Yuuta-sama is there!


“Ah, ah”

“Perfect. Just relax. Yuuta-sama’s vital signs are stable. He’s very pleased.”

“U, happy. Yuuta-sama, Yuuta-sama”

“Aoi-sama, take it easy.”

“We’re here with you.”


Eh?

Eh??

Eh???


What’s going on?

Why?

Why are these people here?


“Who… Oh, you!”


Seeing Lady Lyra and me enter through the opened door, a grown woman speaks up.

That woman… is definitely Tomoe-san, Yuuta-sama’s officer.


“Why are you here? And who is she?”


Another unfamiliar adult woman approaches us cautiously.

A woman with larger breasts than Tomoe-san… is she also an officer?


“I’m a colleague of Riris, you could say. Lyra from the Meer Kingdom.”

“Eh!? Lady Lyra from the Meer Kingdom?”

“That’s right. The scientist I mentioned who I know in the Meer Kingdom is her.”

“You’ve already started the examination. How’s the response to sexual activity?”

“No problem. He seems very happy.”


Lady Lyra ignores Tomoe-san and the others, starting the examination with Riris.

I’m frozen at the entrance, glared at by Tomoe-san and the other woman.

But my gaze is on Yuuta-sama, sleeping on the bed.


There, a woman is straddling Yuuta-sama.

It’s Aoi.

Why is Aoi straddling Yuuta-sama… and even inserting herself!?


Concentrating on sex with Yuuta-sama, Aoi hasn’t noticed me.

However, the women next to Aoi seem to have noticed my presence.

One is Manami, another wicked woman who’s also beguiling Yuuta-sama, just like Aoi.

And the other… why is she even here?

Wasn’t she cooped up in Minato’s room?

But in a way, it makes sense.

She abandoned Takuya-sama and is now clinging to Yuuta-sama.


“Why is Layla-san here?”


Tomoe-san looks at me suspiciously.

Tomoe-san is Yuuta-sama’s officer.

She’s probably also being deceived by Aoi along with Yuuta-sama.

Yet the woman Tomoe-san should truly trust is me.

It’s pathetic.


“I’m Lady Lyra’s attendant.”

“Lady Lyra’s…”

“Yes. She goes out at night, so I came along.”

“You’re dressed quite stylishly for accompanying Lady Lyra on her nighttime outings, aren’t you?”


A big-breasted woman butts into the conversation between me and Tomoe-san.

Who is she?


“It’s a lady’s prerogative.”

“Is that so?”

“By the way, who are you?”

“I’m Ayaka, from the Male Assignment Section 2.”


Male Assignment Section 2.

A woman from the general population.

In other words, in the Meer Kingdom, she's of the same class as a slave.


“Why is Section 2 Ayaka here?”

“I don’t need to explain my reason for being here to Layla-san.”

“But this is an important place where Yuuta-sama is sleeping. It’s not good to have irrelevant people here.”


But all the women here, except me, are irrelevant to Yuuta-sama!

For now I endure, calmly talking with the woman named Ayaka.

Even though I desperately want to push Aoi off Yuuta-sama and insert myself into his cock!


“You’re much more irrelevant, Layla-san.”

“What!? I’m Lady Lyra’s attendant!”


What a brazen slave!

How dare a slave talk back to me, a royal!

If this were the Meer Kingdom, I’d cut off her head right now!


“Please wait outside.”

“Why!”

“Lady Lyra is talking with Riris. There’s nothing for Layla-san to do in this room.”


This woman… I won’t forgive her.


“No, I have something to do.”

“What is it?”

“I need to report something to Takuya-sama…”


My gaze turns to Yukishiro-san.

Yukishiro-san… no, just Yukishiro is fine now.

You’re a wicked woman like Aoi and Manami, beguiling Yuuta-sama.


“Long time no see, Yukishiro-san. I heard you’re no longer Takuya-sama’s direct subordinate. I wondered what you were doing… to find you here of all places.”


Even Aoi, who’s moving her hips on top of Yuuta-sama, seems to have noticed me.

You have no right to insert yourself into Yuuta-sama’s cock!

Yukishiro leaves Yuuta-sama’s side and approaches me.


“Long time no see. I hear you’re Lady Lyra’s attendant, but why is Layla-san, Takuya-sama’s direct subordinate, here?”

“That’s none of your business, Yukishiro-san.”

“That’s right. It’s none of my business. Therefore, no matter what I do, it has nothing to do with Takuya-sama or Layla-san.”

“Ugh! I’ll report to Takuya-sama that you were with Yuuta-sama.”

“Please, be my guest.”

“What!”

“As I said before, it's none of my business anymore. …Then.”


Don’t be so insolent!

In the first place, why is Yukishiro with Yuuta-sama?

Moreover, Aoi’s Yoshiwara and Yukishiro’s Minato are supposed to be rivals.

I don’t understand.

And she seems to have absolutely no lingering feelings for Takuya-sama.

I thought Japanese women wouldn’t easily abandon a man they once loved.

It’s as if she never liked Takuya-sama in the first place.


“Aoi-sama. It seems Yuuta-sama is about to ejaculate.”

“Y-yes!”

“Don’t mind that over there, concentrate.”

“Yes!”


Following Riris’s words, Aoi again focuses on her sexual act with Yuuta-sama.

Yukishiro returns to Aoi’s side and, together with Manami, supports her….

What is going on!?


“Aaahhhhhhh!!!”


Aoi lets out a particularly loud female cry.

Damn it! I should be the one receiving Yuuta-sama’s semen in my womb!

Why! Why! Why!


“The ejaculation was a healthy reaction. What other examinations did you perform today?”

“The data is there.”


Lady Lyra, Lady Lyra!

You said you’d ask Yuuta-sama to let me be his partner!

You forgot about me and are just looking at meaningless data!


“Aoi-sama, slowly.”

“Haah haah… Is Yuuta-sama alright?”

“He’s fine. She said it was a healthy reaction. Yuuta-sama is surely pleased to be enjoying himself inside Aoi-san.”

“Aaah… Yuuta-sama…”


Aoi finally pulls out of Yuuta-sama’s cock, holding her crotch with her hand as she moves away from him.

She’s using her hand to prevent Yuuta-sama’s semen from spilling.

Infuriating!


“L-Lady Lyra!”


I call out to Lady Lyra, unable to contain myself any longer.

Only Lady Lyra can somehow fix this situation!


“Hmm? What is it?”

“It’s not ‘what is it’… t-that…”

“Ah, it seems he already had a sexual partner.”

“S-so…”

“You can go home now.”

“I, I can’t! I’m your attendant!”


Useless.

How useless!

I’ve been so respectful all day because I thought I could have sex with Yuuta-sama!


“Are there any signs of awakening?”

“No. It doesn’t seem that sexual activity will awaken him.”

“Yet, he shows such an enjoyable reaction…. The power of male sex.”


Yuuta-sama won’t wake up from having sex with Aoi!

It’s me! Sex with me!

If Yuuta-sama were to wake up, it would be from sex with me….


No, wait.

Wouldn’t that be bad?

What I desire most is to take Yuuta-sama to the Meer Kingdom.

Therefore, it wouldn’t do for Yuuta-sama to wake up now.


Ah, that was a close call.

I mustn’t wake Yuuta-sama with sex with me.

After taking him to the Meer Kingdom, I’ll enjoy many loving moments with Yuuta-sama in our private paradise!


“I hear Layla-san is your attendant?”

“That’s right.”


Aoi, having finished having sex with Yuuta-sama, approaches me.

That’s right.

Why are you glaring at me?

It was the same at the party that night.

I really dislike that woman!


“Riris-san… The scientist colleague you were talking about was Lady Lyra, right?”

“Yes, that’s right.”


Aoi’s face the moment she heard that reply.

What’s with that face?

It’s quite a pained expression, isn’t it?

Wonderful… it sends shivers down my spine!


“Lady Lyra, nice to meet you. I am Aoi, the next head of the Yoshiwara Eita family in Japan.”

“Lyra of the Meer Kingdom. My royal rank is 1st Class.”

“So you are a 1st Class royal. I heard from Riris-san that Lady Lyra is an excellent scientist specializing in memory.”

“Yes, I specialize in memory.”

“In order to perform an examination regarding Yuuta-sama’s memory, what kind of equipment would be necessary? If you tell me, I will be sure to prepare it.”

“Ho~. So you want to examine him here instead of transporting him to the Meer Kingdom?”

“Yes.”


How dare she!

This woman… just how wicked is she!

I have to take Yuuta-sama to the Meer Kingdom to save him!


“Impossible.”

“…Impossible?”

“Yes. The equipment needed to examine the memory region only exists in my laboratory in the Meer Kingdom. It’s impossible to replicate it.”

“…I see.”


Ahaha! Wonderful! This is excellent!

Lady Lyra! I thought you were useless, but you’re actually very useful!

I will absolutely take Yuuta-sama to the Meer Kingdom!


“Then, hypothetically speaking. If Yuuta-sama were to be taken to Lady Lyra’s laboratory in the Meer Kingdom, would there be any problem with us coming along?”

“I have no problem. However, whether or not they are granted entry permits and allowed into my laboratory will be decided by Her Majesty the Queen.”

“I see….  One last question. Currently, Layla-san is Lady Lyra’s attendant, but if Yuuta-sama is taken to the Meer Kingdom’s laboratory, will Layla-san continue as Lady Lyra’s attendant? Layla-san is currently under the direct supervision of a man named Takuya-sama in Japan until he graduates from high school. She won’t abandon her duty and go to the Meer Kingdom with Yuuta-sama, right?”


Don’t be ridiculous!

Being a direct subordinate doesn't mean I have to stay by Takuya-sama's side forever!

I'm going back to the Meer Kingdom with Yuuta-sama!

And we'll live happily ever after together forever!


“That’s also outside my jurisdiction. The attendant’s role only applies while in Japan. I won’t need Layla’s assistance in the Meer Kingdom. Whether Layla returns to the Meer Kingdom or not will be decided by Her Majesty the Queen.”


That’s right! If only I had Her Majesty the Queen’s permission!


“Wait a moment. Layla-san is currently bound by an agreement between Japan and the Meer Kingdom to serve as Takuya-sama’s direct subordinate until his high school graduation. Even if there were instructions from Her Majesty the Queen, it would be necessary to inform Japan as well.”

“What? Is that so? Well, that’s none of my concern.”


Tomoe-san!? Why!?

Could it be… this woman… this woman is also a wicked woman trying to obstruct me!

Unforgivable!

Only I can save Yuuta-sama!



“Tonight’s examination is over. Everyone… please leave.”
