Episode 37: The Christmas Eve Festival

December 24th.  The day of the Christmas Eve Festival.  Unfortunately, it was a rainy day, lacking in good weather.


In December, Yuta's new villa in Minato was completed.  Until then, Yukishiro's interactions with Yuta had taken place at Yoshiwara, together with Aoi and the others, but now their meetings would be at the Minato villa.

Since Yukishiro returned to Minato, Yuta hadn't seen Saori once.  Even when Yuta went to the villa, he didn't meet Saori.  Both Yuta and Yukishiro knew Saori wouldn't meet Yuta, so they didn't ask for a meeting.


On Christmas Eve, Saori left the mansion as usual.  Her car pulled into a parking lot near the festival venue. She was driving herself, without a chauffeur.


The sound of the falling rain was sad.  While waiting in her car, Saori thought, "This foolish, unrewarded act will be over this year."


Next year, if her daughter, Yukishiro, marries Yuta, Saori intends to step down as the head of the Minato family and pass the position to Yukishiro.  The heads of the prominent families supporting Minato have urged her to reconsider, but Saori had made up her mind.


If Yukishiro found true love and was united with Yuta in true love…  Saori had to somehow resolve the darkness that Minato had embraced.  She had once thought it would become a curse that would continue through Yukishiro's generation.  She had acted that way.  Just as she herself had been cursed, so too would her daughter.  She had deluded herself into thinking she had the right to do so.


Saori couldn't express her feelings when she first heard that Yukishiro was uniting with Yuta.  It's true that the curse she carried within her couldn't bless her daughter's true love.  She probably didn't want to believe it.  She mistakenly believed that by having Yukishiro inherit this curse, they could finally become true mother and daughter.  Now, she regretted her foolish misconception.


When Yukishiro told her about Yuta, worrying about him after he lost consciousness, Saori realized that Yukishiro had truly fallen in love and knew love. It was something Saori had deeply desired but never obtained.


When Saori became the head of the family, she first sent her own mother into retirement in the countryside.  She made sure her mother wouldn't appear in public again.  With Ena's cooperation, things went smoothly without causing chaos in Minato.


Her husband, Hiroto, never lived in the Minato main residence. He lived in a summer villa with his original fiancée. He didn't engage in charitable activities.


And then there was the curse she carried.


Saori intended to make arrangements with the government to ensure the darkness Minato harbored would never come to light.  The government had also made a deal with Minato, especially regarding Hiroto.  Neither party would want this to leak out.


A visitor who would never come.  Hiroto never contacted Saori, who was waiting for him to attend the Christmas Eve Festival together.  Every year since their marriage, he sent a letter.  She probably never read them.


Saori knew Hiroto had no reason to care for her.  Still, she wanted to connect with Hiroto on some level.  It didn't matter if he didn't like her or love her.  She just wanted to connect with him as a person and talk.  Even if he was just using her to be a wife who would leave him to live with his fiancée without participating in charitable work, she wanted to support Hiroto as his wife, offering her unwavering loyalty.


(I wished he would acknowledge me as the wife who bore his child…)


But that wish shattered.  Ena, who had supported Saori and knew everything, was gone.  No one could support Saori.


"Hah!"


Saori heard a gentle knocking on the passenger-side window of her car.  When she looked around in surprise, Yukishiro was standing there.


"..."
"..."


Mother and daughter gazed at each other through the car window.  When the car doors unlocked, Yukishiro opened the door and sat in the passenger seat.


"I'm sorry for startling you."
"...Why are you here?"
"I learned that Mother always leaves the mansion to participate in the Christmas Eve Festival… but you weren’t there this year."
"...Did you hear it from Nanase-sama?"
"Yes."
"So… your father is very shy, you see.  I invite him every year to the Christmas Eve Festival, but he says he'll go if he feels like it on the day.  That's why I'm here."
"Mother!"


Yukishiro embraced her mother.  Saori was so surprised that she couldn't even gasp.


"Mother… it's alright now."
"...Yukishiro?"
"It's alright now… about Father… it's…"
"W-what are you saying?"
"About Father… I investigated."
"Investigated? How…"
"I can't tell you. But… I learned that Father has always… neglected Mother."
"Yukishiro, that's not true. Your father…"
"I don't have a kind and gentle father!"
"Yukishiro, calm down.  Who told you this?"
"I also know that Father isn't actually doing any charitable work."
"What!"


Since Ena's death, Saori had handled this matter herself.  She hadn't used anyone else.  How did Yukishiro find out?


"Yukishiro, could you possibly have… contacted someone!?"


For Yukishiro to know, she would have had to contact a high-ranking government official.  Could it be that woman? Saori thought for a moment, but that woman was no longer involved in Saori's affairs.  She didn't know what that woman was doing now, but it was unlikely she would have contacted Yukishiro to talk about her father. If she did, she would be eliminated.


"I haven't contacted anyone."
"You're lying! Tell me who you contacted!"


Saori intended to bear the darkness and sink with it.  Yukishiro shouldn't be trapped in the darkness too.  She tried to pull away from Yukishiro, who was clinging to her, but Yukishiro wouldn't let go.


"I really haven't contacted anyone. About Father… I heard it from someone who cares about me."
"That…"


It could only be Yuta.  Did Yuta investigate Hiroto? Saori's mind was in chaos.


"Mother… please tell me one thing."
"W-what…"
"Am I… really Father's child?  Hiroto Mochizuki's child?"
"…Yes. Yukishiro, you are my and Hiroto's child…"
"It's not a lie, right?  I just need to know the truth about this!"
"…It's the truth. You are Hiroto's child."
"Ugh… ugh…"
"Yukishiro…"


Yukishiro, clinging to her mother, was crying. Saori wondered if, in the course of investigating her father, Yukishiro had come to believe, based on information from Yuta, along with what she’d heard from Hanasaki, and Saori’s past words and behavior, that her father was not Hiroto.  Yukishiro’s father was undoubtedly Hiroto.  She gently stroked her daughter's head to calm her down.  However…


"Ugh… ah… AAAAAAH!!!"


Yukishiro's loud cries echoed in the car.


"Mother! Don't go! Don't go anywhere!"
"Yukishiro…"


Yukishiro, clinging to her mother and crying loudly, seemed like the little girl she once was.


Young Yukishiro and Iori.  Ena and Ririka were walking in the park with them.  Back then… the curse Saori carried was erased by the innocent smiles of Yukishiro and Iori.


However, as Yukishiro grew older… as she started to resemble her mother and Hiroto, the curse residing within Saori tormented her.  When Yukishiro began to interact with Takuya, Saori realized that Yukishiro wasn't truly in love with him, and her ugly heart felt relieved.  Even when Iori was infatuated with Katsuya, her ugly heart rejoiced, knowing that her sister, who wasn't fit to be the head of the family, was merely escaping from hardship and pain.  Such an ugly mother couldn't possibly bless Yukishiro and Yuta, who were united by true love.


"Yukishiro… it'll be alright. Everything… will be alright."
"No! It's not alright!  Please stay by the side of your daughter who loves you, Mother!"


Yukishiro hugged Saori tightly.


"No matter what my origins are… I'm Mother's daughter! Mother raised me with love!"
"Ah… ah… Yukishiro…"


Yukishiro's question about whether her father was Hiroto was a final confirmation.  Yukishiro had combined what she’d learned from Yuta about Takuya, what she'd heard from Hanasaki, and Saori's past words and actions to arrive at one possibility.  It was the curse that Saori had desperately tried to keep hidden until her death.  Now that Yukishiro knew… tears streamed down Saori's face.


"Yukishiro… I'm sorry… I'm so sorry…"
"Mother isn't at fault! You loved me and Iori… you raised us with love…"
"Ah… I, I… I…"
"Mother gave birth to us. Mother raised us."


Saori hugged Yukishiro tightly, and her unstoppable tears wet Yukishiro's hair.  Saori spoke to Yukishiro in a trembling voice.


"When I was in junior high… a boy in my class ran away from me.  I was foolish. My mother regretted that Nanase-sama's great love story at Yoshiwara had become public.  So she told me that I must have a romantic marriage with a man… I continued a one-sided relationship…"


Yukishiro listened to her mother's story while hugging her.


"That boy ran away from me, and my mother arranged for Hiroto-sama. Hiroto-sama, who was engaged to me at 16, was 21.  His male ranking back then was D-rank. He wasn't a bad person. But he had low social awareness. He had several fiancées and lovers… he found interactions with anyone other than them troublesome.  That’s why… they probably told me that he didn't need to do charitable activities.”


Minato acted to fulfill Hiroto’s wishes.


"Hiroto-sama… he only came to the Minato main residence a few times.  To make a show of a non-existent romantic relationship… to appeal to others.  From the beginning, he lived in the current summer villa with his fiancée and lovers."


Even after Yukishiro and Iori were born, Hiroto never came to see them.


"My mother ruined Hiroto-sama's life… that's a fact. That's why I obeyed everything Hiroto-sama said. And I wanted to connect with him, even a little. …But Hiroto-sama… never intended to accept me…"


Saori got engaged at 16 and married at 17.  She hoped to connect with him, little by little, and sent him letters.  She wanted to meet him and talk.  She had promised not to go to Hiroto’s summer villa, so she suggested meeting at a nearby hotel.  However, she only received a refusal, and eventually, the replies stopped altogether.


"When I was 18, I heard that Nanase-sama was pregnant.  She was 21.  My mother mocked Nanase-sama for being infertile because she hadn't gotten pregnant in her 20s until the year she turned 21. That's ridiculous!  Not being able to get pregnant for just one year after turning 20, the ideal age for childbirth, doesn't mean someone is infertile! But at the time, Yoshiwara was apparently also worried."


Nanase, who married Takasi at 18 (the same age), turned 20 and desired pregnancy but wasn't successful for a year. However, she conceived at 21 and gave birth to Aoi the following May.


"When my mother learned about Nanase-sama's pregnancy, she immediately ordered me to become pregnant with Hiroto-sama's child.  I was only 18, still developing, but I obeyed my mother's orders and decided to… become pregnant with Hiroto-sama's child."
"Ugh… Mother…"
"Yukishiro… I didn’t dislike my mother's instructions!  Because… I could conceive Hiroto-sama’s child. I’d get the chance to meet Hiroto-sama and connect with him. Also, I thought that if I bore Hiroto-sama's child, he would surely have some affection for me. So, when my mother ordered me to get pregnant, I remember feeling happy."


But the reality was cruel.


"I wrote a letter to Hiroto-sama. I'm so sorry to impose, but… p-please let me have your child…"


Saori's voice trembled, and she couldn't control her emotions.


"The reply I received after a long time… the reply… ah…"
"Mother… Mother…"
"Hiroto-sama… said he… didn't want to… have me…"


Saori's body wasn't unattractive.  As the head of the Minato family, she still maintained an alluring physique.  Back then, her body was undeniably desirable to men.


However, Hiroto refused.  He refused to have Saori and pierced her heart with cruel words.


"He said he would only provide the sperm… I'm so sorry… I'm so sorry…"
"It’s alright! It’s alright! I'm Mother's daughter!"


Saori conceived Yukishiro and Iori through artificial insemination using Hiroto's sperm.


"Hiroto-sama's sperm… had excellent compatibility with mine… among the D-rank and lower men at the time, only Hiroto-sama had better than good compatibility with me. That's why my mother forcibly…"


Minato insisted on Hiroto because of his compatibility with Saori.  Forcibly taking a man of C-rank or higher would cause too many problems, even for Minato.  Among the D-rank and lower men, Hiroto was the only one with sperm that had better than good compatibility with Saori.


"The head of the Minato family… a wife with a husband… a wife who wasn't embraced by her husband and gave birth to children using his provided sperm… this couldn't be known to anyone."


Even if it were known that Saori had used her husband Hiroto's sperm for artificial insemination to have children, the name of the perpetual family would survive.  The conditions were in place.  But it wouldn't be merely a scandal; it would be a horrific disgrace.  It would be like being called a fake eternal family.


"I was unstable, and I couldn't properly give birth to Yukishiro.  …It was a premature birth. I couldn't raise Yukishiro in my body for ten months… I'm such a pathetic mother."
"That's not true! Mother is a wonderful mother!"


Though premature, Yukishiro grew up healthy.


"The only one who knew everything and supported me was Ena…"


It's impossible to perform artificial insemination without anyone knowing.  Naturally, the doctor and Hiroto, who provided the sperm, would know.  The women living with Hiroto would also find out if Hiroto told them.


Saori confided everything to Ena.  She cried and cried until her voice was hoarse, and yet the sobs continued, as she clung to Ena in despair.


"Ena sacrificed herself for me… she hardened her heart.  My mother… Yukishiro's grandmother, believes that I was embraced by Hiroto-sama."
"What?"
"Ena arranged everything and hid everything.  Since she was able to deceive my mother, those close to me also… they all believed that I was embraced by Hiroto-sama."


Ena worked tirelessly to conceal Saori's artificial insemination.  Except for the doctor and Hiroto, no one else should have known about Saori's artificial insemination.  However…


"But one day… a woman who said she worked for a national agency came.  She didn't reveal which agency she was from.  But… it was Public Security."
"Public Security…"
"She didn't explicitly say it, but she knew about me… Ena said it wasn't possible, but the information could have come from the doctor, Hiroto-sama, or the women who live with Hiroto-sama… I didn't know where the information came from."
"Mother…"
"Because of Hiroto-sama’s charitable activities, Minato had a deal with the government.  My secret was added to that… I had to meet the government's demands. However, the government's requests were to balance the Japanese economy, and there were no strange demands. Still, I hated being a pawn for the government…"


Ena, who knew everything and supported Saori, passed away when Yukishiro was in junior high.


"Ena's early death… was probably my fault.  How much did she suffer for me?"
"Mother… Mother…"


Ena's presence was enormous for both Saori and Yukishiro.  Mother and daughter hugged each other silently for a while.  The intensified sound of the rain pulled Saori back to reality and calmed her down.


"Yukishiro… I was going to handle it secretly, but now that you know, I'll tell you. When Yukishiro marries Yuta-sama and becomes the head of the Minato family, I'll talk to the government and arrange for Hiroto-sama and the others to be kept from public life, like my mother, for the rest of their lives. I myself, after Yukishiro's upbringing settles down… I intend to spend my time monitoring Hiroto-sama and others."
"…I don't want that."
"Yukishiro… you have Yuta-sama. Yuta-sama, who loves you."
"I… I also want to be with Mother, who loves me."
"I've done terrible things to you, Yukishiro."
"There were times when it was painful. There were times when it was sad. I despaired.  Still… Mother is my beloved Mother. Mother… it was all, all necessary."
"…Necessary?"
"Yes. If I didn't think that way, wouldn't it just be sad? Everything was necessary for Mother and me to become a truly loving mother and daughter."
"Ah… Yukishiro…"
"Ena-san… I'm sure she also wished for that. What Ena-san risked her life to protect… was that Mother and I could be mother and daughter."
"Ena… Ena…"


Yukishiro pulled away from Saori, wiped away her tears, and said firmly,


"I've decided to be selfish. To be true to my heart.  That's why I didn't give up on being Yuta-sama's second wife. And as much as I want to be Yuta-sama's second wife, I also want to live happily with Mother and Iori."
"Yukishiro…"
"Mother. When I marry Yuta-sama, I'll take over as the head of the Minato family.  As the head of the Minato family, I absolutely won't allow Mother to go anywhere."


As the head of the Minato family, she would protect what she could protect.  Because she had decided to be selfish.  And she wasn't alone.  She had strong, reliable people who would protect her with her.


"Mother. Please stay with me. Please trust me. I will definitely protect you, Mother."
"Ugh… ugh…"


This time, Saori hugged Yukishiro.  No more words came out.  What a pathetic and happy thing it was to be a mother protected by her daughter.


After waiting for Saori to calm down, Yukishiro said gently,


"Mother, let's go home.  Iori is waiting. Tonight, the three of us… let's sleep together."
"Yes… yes…"


As Saori and Yukishiro’s car drove towards the Minato mansion, the rain began to subside.  The Christmas Eve festival venue visible behind the car was enveloped in brilliant lights.  By the time the festival ended, the rain would have completely stopped.
